Add Fleet server configs for new Apple VPP metadata endpoints (#38565)
fleetdm/fleet: docs/Configuration/fleet-server-configuration.md

      -----END RSA PRIVATE KEY-----
  ```

> ### mdm.sso​_rate​_limit​_per​_minute

Author: ```suggestion
### mdm.sso_rate_limit_per_minute
```

    sso_rate_limit_per_minute: 200
  ```

### mdm.apple_vpp_app_store_region

Specify the Apple App Store region. The region affects the availability of apps in Fleet. For example, if you [add apps to Apple Business Manager](https://fleetdm.com/guides/install-app-store-apps#apple-vpp) that aren't available in the `de` region, they won't appear in Fleet.

- Default value: us
- Environment variable: `FLEET_MDM_APPLE_VPP_APP_STORE_REGION`
- Config file format:
  ```yaml
  mdm:
    apple_vpp_app_store_region: de
  ```

> ### mdm.apple_vpp_app_metadata_api_proxy

Reviewer: I think it's worth the delay. We want to revise this to be reduce config surface. 

Regarding timing, I hear you. I started a thread in #g-software to discuss this expedited drafting: https://fleetdm.slack.com/archives/C086V2QK76X/p1769013732377589

> By default, Fleet server retrieves metadata for Apple VPP apps via Fleet proxy, using an authentication token hosted on fleetdm.com.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Fleet retrieves [Apple App Store (VPP) metadata](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/devicemanagement/get-your-apps-metadata) from Apple using an API token from Fleet's Apple Developer account. This API token is hosted on fleetdm.com.
```

> If you have an [Apple developer account that is enabled as MDM vendor](https://developer.apple.com/help/account/service-configurations/apps-and-books-for-organizations), Fleet server can directly communicate with the [Apple Apps and Books API](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/devicemanagement/get-your-apps-metadata).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have an [Apple Developer account that is enabled as MDM vendor](https://developer.apple.com/help/account/service-configurations/apps-and-books-for-organizations), you can optionally configure Fleet with your own API token. This way, Fleet can directly communicate with Apple.
```
